A poor ghost
A poor little ghost
If my mother comes, you will die
Who told you not to be my sidekick?
Who wants to be your sidekick?
Mom, he's going to hit me again
You unrepentant little brat!
By this time
You still want to threaten my son?
Believe it or not, I will make the whole of Jiangcheng edible
You big wife
How dare you hit me?
What happened when I hit you?
I have endured you for a long time
Don't think you're pregnant
I dare not do anything to you
I use my identity as Director Wang
Do whatever you want throughout the river
You're not even qualified to talk to me
You definitely hit me
Madam Wang, calm down.
Washing my mother is also on a whim, I get up
You don't want to learn to work here, do you?
Ah!
You're with this bitch
Hee hee, hitting someone is wrong
But this is also Haochen's child, right?
Okay, how dare you say it's my son's fault?
It seems that you and this little lover are really together
of
Believe it or not, my whole family can't get along